
## :sunny: **Day 6**

### Date: 09/02/22 8:33pm

### Time (optional): 2hr40min

<hr>

<br>

### **Goals**

<hr>

- CodeWars 
- FreeCodeCamp

<br>

### **TODO**

- [x] 2+ Codewars (Reverse Sequence kata)
- [x] Finish Js Alg & data - Js basics 


### **Today I ..**

<hr>

- **FreeCodeCamp JS Algorithms & Data Structures - JS Basics** 
-  8:33 - 10:49pm
<br><br>
    - **Challenges:** 
<br>
      - I seem to find myself struggling often with using parameters correctly. With Objects I find difficulty in correctly selecting the right property/value/nested object. For the Profile Lookup project I had to look up the answer. I wasn't far off but i'll be redoing this soon to see if I can figure it out on my own next time.
<br><br>
    - **What I learned:** 
<br>
      - To get a whole number from Math.random combine it with Math.floor.
      - To get a (fairly) random whole number between two numbers use this setup:
        - `function randomRange(myMin, myMax) {` <br>
 `return Math.floor(Math.random() * (myMax - myMin + 1) + myMin);` <br>
`}`<br>
`console.log(randomRange(2, 20)) //returns random numbers between 2 and 20 (including 20)`
      - parseInt returns an integer from strings, an can optionally take a second paramter representing the radix (base) of the desired integer. Ex: `parseInt(str, 2)` will convert strings to binary equivelents because binary is a base 2 system.
      - Practiced with the conditional ternary operator: `a === b ? "Equal" : "Not Equal"`
      - Learned about using multiple ternary conditionals at a time and the importance of proper indentation for readability:
        - `function checkSign(num) {`<br>
`return (num === 0) ? "zero"`<br>
  `: (num > 0) ? "positive"`<br>
  `: "negative"`<br>
`}`
      - Used recursion to take in two parameters representing the range for the desired array and return an array of the numbers in the range without using any loop syntax.
        ```
        function rangeOfNumbers(startNum, endNum) {
          let arr = [];
          if (endNum - startNum === 0) {
            let equalNum = arr.push(endNum)
            return arr;
          } else {
            const counter = rangeOfNumbers(startNum, endNum - 1);
            counter.push(endNum);
            return counter;
          }
            return [];
        }
          console.log(rangeOfNumbers(1,4))
        ```
        <br>
      - Used recursion, if statement and unshift to create a function that recursively returns an array of numbers in descending order:

        ```
        function countdown(n){
          let arr = [];
          if (n < 1) {
            return arr;
          } else {
            const counter = countdown(n - 1);
            counter.unshift(n);
            return counter;
          }
        }
        console.log(countdown(10))[5, 4, 3, 2, 1]
        ```

<br>

- **CodeWars 30 and 31** 
-  10:53 - 11:12pm
<br><br>
    - **What I learned:** 
<br>
      - Was able to use what I learned from freeCoddeCamp Js Algorithms & Data - js basics to solve this kata with a simple while loop!

<br><br>

### **Notes, Challenges, & Thoughts**

<hr>

- Feeling pretty good today. Didn't have much time to study but I'm happy with the progress made and I feel super encouraged at the fact I was able to use this studying to solve a problem I couldn't a few days ago!

<br>

### **Tasks for Tomorrow**

<hr>

- Add new concepts to Anki
-  Redo Record Collection project : [Link](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/record-collection)
- Redo Nesting For Loops: [Link](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/nesting-for-loops) 
- Start next section of Algorithms & Data
- Filter range in place js.info task [Link](https://codepen.io/wraytheon_/pen/PoROjRR)

<br>

**[Link to tweet](https://twitter.com/Wraytheon_/status/1565903378961530881?s=20&t=InesMZEe8eX6_R27sP1fnQ)**

<br>
<hr>Day Complete<hr>