
## :sunny: **Day 4**

### Date: 8/31/22 6:37pm

### Time (optional): 1hr30min

<hr>

<br>

### **Goals**

<hr>

- CodeWars
- Portfolio

<br>

### **TODO**

- [ ] 2+ Codewars
- [ ] js.info Array Methods Filter In Place task
- [ ] Begin setting up new portfolio

<br>

### **Today I ..**

<hr>

- **js.info Array Method "Filter in Place"** -- 6:39pm-7:14pm
    - **What I learned:** <br>
        - To filter something "in-place" means you are modifiying that object in its original place in memory using no extra arrays, objects, pointers or memory. Essentially, you are writing expressions that will alter the original array without any helper methods that create copies of the array. How I understood it as a metaphor: Instead of making a copy of a piece of art, altering it and then pasting over the original, you are directly painting on the original.
          - [Source](https://damely-tineo.medium.com/in-place-operations-javascript-array-edition-c0ae40d9ad81) , [Source 2](https://dev.to/seanwelshbrown/in-place-algorithms-what-are-they-and-why-use-them-e5p)
<br><br>
    - **Challenges:** <br>
        - I still wasn't able to solve this problem. I wasn't entirely sure what it means to filter something "in place". 
        - Still having trouble with arrow functions and .forEach syntax.
<br><br>

- **CodeWars #30 "Reversed Sequence" kata** -- 7:24pm-8:07pm
  - **Challenges:** <br>
    - Couldn't complete this kata.
    - Didn't know how to how add elements to an empty array. Tried using .forEach and it didn't work.
    - Couldn't decide on how to iterate over empty array, adding elements that result from an artihmetic expression. 

<br><br>

### **Notes, Challenges, & Thoughts**

<hr>

- Feeling pretty bummed at the lack of productivity and the fact that I wasn't able to finish either of the problems I worked on. Eventually got so tired and brainfoggy that I decided to get off and get some sleep. Tomorrows a new day. 

<br>

### **Tasks for Tomorrow**

- TODO js.info Array Methods "Filter Range In Place"
- TODO "Reverse Sequence" CodeWars Kata

<br>

[Link to tweet](https://twitter.com/Wraytheon_/status/1565464421262147586?s=20&t=W0vkHJYzKc-mfsTxdOr9-w)

<br>
<hr>Day Complete<hr>