
## :sunny: **Day 3**

### Date: 8/30/22 8:18pm

### Time (optional): 2hr30min

<hr>

<br>

### **Goals**

<hr>

- FAQ Card
- CodeWars

<br>

### **TODO**

- [x] 2+ Codewars
- [ ] Fixed FAQ Card Accordion so that it presents with closed items upon site load
- [x] Position FAQ Card graphic


### **Today I ..**

<hr>

- **CodeWars 28 & 29** -- 8:18-9:05pm
    - **What I learned:** <br>
        - Kata 29 was super fun and showed me that there are numerous different ways to solve every problem.
<br><br>
    - **Challenges:** <br>
        - Kata 29 asked you to make a function that always returns 5 without using any arithmetic operators or integers in the function which had me stumped for about 20min. [Screenshot](images/day3-unusualFive.jpg)
        - 
<br><br>
    - [Link to work](link-address)
<br><br> 
    - [Tool Or Resources used](tool-or-resource)

<br>

- **FAQ Accordion card** -- 9:15pm-10:25pm
  - **What I learned** <br>
    - Learned a bit more about positioning with relative and absolute values, your parent element should be set as relative with child as absolute in many cases. <br>
    - Used the *filter* property to darken an SVG until I can figure out why its not rendering as dark as it should.
  - **Challenges:** <br>
    - Having a hard time dealing with the SVG images. This one is being used as a shadow under another image but the SVG shows up very faintly and i'm not sure how to fix it. 
    - Still can't figure out how to get accordion to load as closed.
  
<br>

[Progress Screenshot](images/day3-FAQProgressMobile.jpg)


- **js.info Array Methods "Filter Range"** -- 10:37-10:45pm
  - **What I learned:** <br>
Was struggling with how to use the filter method when I first tried this a month ago but I was able to navigate the syntax this time. **[Link to work](https://codepen.io/wraytheon_/pen/mdpNxBZ)**

<br>


### **Notes, Challenges, & Thoughts**

<hr>

- Feeling proud that I can see the progress i'm making by solving problems that I wouldn't have been able to a month ago. Sometimes I wonder if things would be easier if I didn't have this neurodivergence and chronic illness weighing me down but it doesn't matter. This is what I've got and I am determined to make the most of it .. no matter how exhausted or hopeless it feels at times.

<br>

### **Tasks for Tomorrow**

- TODO Complete js.info Array Methods Filter In Place task
- TODO 2+ CodeWars
- TODO Work on portfolio

<br>

[Link to tweet](https://twitter.com/Wraytheon_/status/1564816198776266753?s=20&t=lM2UHC8ASEXNuu8Rn728jw)

<br>

<hr>Day Complete<hr>